Maybe you want to add some fields to make the section more dynamic.
At the moment you can see if I open the functions we have this functionality in the Funches that beach
B maybe you went to add some functionality so your client can make the changes right here.
Or in that case the match mentioned everything.
And if you click here on a page you will find that we have welcome and we have the section of the great
here of this content and we can use these by in my opinion is better if we use a different approach.
In this case where the east teleplay or at Bansko Stone feels one of the most common questions that
I have found in forums on Facebook is how I can integrate my commerce Web site with some extra files
from my land scores and fields and I'm going to show you how to do that in this video.
So what went up and prurience and if you don't have any experience with advanced custom fields it's
a really powerful blow in that will allow you to create some extra fields right here by the for word
press on the at this Tyronne and this content but with a pro like Advance custom fields you can add
more fields on the bottom or in the top if you want here's a cup jeans.
And then we have a.
And we're going to add the last custom fiend's.
It's a really popular pro and you can see it contains 1 million active installs.
And we're going to install these and then we're going to activate the broken
so we have advanced custom fields and you can see it on the bottom we have a new tab called Bansko some
features are only custom fields.
It's one of the custom fields and we're going to have new so let's dive right here what we're going
to add home page fields in the bottom for example on the rules is what you define where these fields
are going to be showing in the back end of wordpress.
Of course in the front end you can print whatever you want.
Using the code.
So are you going to use page is equal to and whether or not you're welcome.
So we went to use we went to the fields right here.
So you know and this is a special preference on the style I'm going to have the standard to be mega-bucks
So you're you can start out in the field so you want to display and then when I feel and that you can
see by yourself.
So we're going out but never text God's word when I use text and we can get to the folds close the field
then we can have another field.
And what not you match.
So in this case we can change the field time in this case it's going to be a file or an image you can
decide whatever you want.
I think much better.
We're going to use image that required a yes or no.
You can read to the value.
You can use the match of the match to arrange the match ID in this case I think.
And when I use the match you are right and I'm going to close the field then we're going to use these
then I'm going up in the home page here and the word coming in and when I blow and I can see that we
have the two fields that we'd register previously.
So first thing and I copy these and paste Ray.
So the next thing when I click it on the match and again I'm going to click and drag these banners back
into the match.
So this way or client can change the match.
Will this play another one.
Now we have something more dynamic.
That's what I said about this one and so much of the.
So now we kind of lost and everything is going to be the same.
We need to change this text to display the fields.
You don't want to use B it's Ben Wedeman on the field.
And in this case we need to out banners this it's going to be the name of the few and this companies
and right here we can't remove these.
Base everything.
And then we're going to change the field name something like this.
Now you can do and you can see we have this and wrestle.
But the really cool thing about it is that we can remove these at a different image like this one and
so like the match of the reload and you can see we covered the frontier much.
So now the client can decide which match they want to play or what decks should be in the intersection.
And of course the more examples you see in advance custom fields are coming in these Web sites.
We're going to use Hadron's because one feels at least two or three times more in these.
But definitely you can see that this is looking really nice.
So next we're going to scroll to the top and we're going to continue working with the section that says
free shipping on orders sober 100 secure payments and reduce our refunds and we're going to create some
fears use in advance coastal fees.